	url: http://ofa.bo/tCO	title: As part of our Bearing Witness 2.0 project, the Huffington Post is rounding up compelling local stories about the victims of the recession. Fourteen-year-old Brendan Staub of St. Louis County, Mo., may max out his insurance policy before doctors even figure out what's wrong with him.	meta: 14-Year-Old About To Reach Lifetime Limit On Insurance Policy	summ : As part of our Bearing Witness 2.0 project, the Huffington Post is rounding up compelling local stories about the victims of the recession.Fourteen-year-old Brendan Staub of St. Louis County, Mo., may max out his insurance policy before doctors even figure out what's wrong with him.He receives regular treatment at the Mayo Clinic -- which comes with a $15,000 price tag every three weeks.If that keeps up, he will reach the $1.5 million limit on his health insurance policy within two years, reports the St. Louis Post-Dispatch's Christine Byers.Some bowling alleys in Arizona will start offering things besides strikes and gutterballs: a chance for the unemployed to find jobs.Rusty Hanna, the district manager of two bowling alleys in Kingman and Lake Havasu City, Ariz., is going to host weekly job fairs at his lanes starting in February, where job-seekers and prospective employers can come together to bowl a few frames for free, reports the Kingman Miner's James Chilton.Carla Rivera reports for the Los Angeles Times that Berenice Vite and Rafael Curiel have missed three house payments so that they could pay the bill to keep sending their son, Alonso, to school at California State University, Long Beach."I was raised learning about the importance of education, and I want my children to be educated," said Vite, who works for the Los Angeles Unified School District.In Kure Beach, N.C., the local community is rallying around a family who are struggling with illness and unemployment, reports Amanda Hutcheson for the Star News ."Hopefully they'll get their miracle; that's what we all hope for," Pralle told the Star News.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bKh	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/iCP	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://go.wh.gov/tUv1S4	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : Need health insurance?Go to HealthCare.gov right now.As millions of Americans scramble to fill out their March Madness brackets, we've got another big milestone coming up: the March 31st deadline to sign up for health insurance.If you need affordable coverage, head over to HealthCare.gov and #GetCoveredNow.If you've got insurance, help spread the word by voting for your favorite reason to get covered.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bDN	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qPg	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Donate to Organizing for Action	summ : Please fill out all of the fields.
	url: http://ofa.bo/pL3	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/pDN	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/jKc	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gC1	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/sD2	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://barackobama.com/health-care-cost-calculator/	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qPi	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/rOQ	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Donate to Organizing for Action	summ : Please fill out all of the fields.
	url: http://ofa.bo/dGW	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rE4	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gHq	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qDg	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/tGh	title: Lebron James wants to tell you about the Health Insurance Marketplace at HealthCare.gov. You can go there to find an affordable health plan as part of the he...	meta: Lebron James: #GetCovered by March 31	summ : Lebron James wants to tell you about the Health Insurance Marketplace at HealthCare.gov.You can go there to find an affordable health plan as part of the health care law.The deadline to enroll is March 31.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fDx	title: In this week's address, President Obama highlights the momentum building across the country to give Americans a raise and reiterates his call for Congress to...	meta: Weekly Address: Time for Congress to Raise the Minimum Wage for the American People	summ : In this week's address, President Obama highlights the momentum building across the country to give Americans a raise and reiterates his call for Congress to increase the minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10.
	url: http://ofa.bo/sMX	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bKB	title: 	meta: None	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/hCj	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/eMv	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/sPV	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Fight back against inaction	summ : Every day the House doesn't act on immigration reform, our country loses $37 million in revenue.That cost of inaction is too high — chip in to fight for comprehensive immigration reform today.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gK7	title: This is a real problem that affects millions of families across the country, and Congress needs to fix it. It's not a game, it's not politics. It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet.	meta: I am one of the 1.6 million who lost unemployment insurance	summ : After 16 years of working for a cold storage facility, I lost my job as an office manager.Due to company budget cuts, office manager positions were cut across the country, and for the first time in my life, I was unemployed.I'm the sole provider for our family.My husband had a kidney transplant a few years ago and now suffers from heart disease, and we now care for our 10-year-old granddaughter who is disabled.I knew there was financial assistance available, and on July 15th, I began collecting emergency unemployment insurance.For months, I applied for jobs.Looking online and in newspapers, I applied for more than 400 jobs altogether—which led to only two interviews.I would take any job right now, I'm not being picky.But I was either too qualified or not qualified enough.In early January, Congress failed to renew unemployment insurance for me and 1.6 million other Americans who are in a similar situation—and now my family has zero income.Next month we're going to put our house on the market and try and sell it.I've worked since I was 14 years old, I pay taxes, but I hit a rough spot, and now this one crucial lifeline is gone.This is a real problem that affects millions of families across the country, and Congress needs to fix it.It's about giving assistance to people who are trying to get back on their feet.Join me in telling Congress to restore unemployment insurance.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gO4	title: It's hard being a person sometimes. Kid President offers up some advice on how to be a person - an awesome person. He's gathering a list of all the things #t...	meta: Kid President's Letter To A Person On Their First Day Here	summ : It's hard being a person sometimes.Kid President offers up some advice on how to be a person - an awesome person.He's gathering a list of all the things #thekidsneedtoknow.Help him add to it!Share this video with someone you love and let's give the world more reasons to dance!Subscribe to SoulPancake for new videos every weekday!http://bitly.com/SoulPancakeSubscribe Written and Created by Brad Montague & Robby Novak Special thanks: Kristi Montague Follow the party here: http://twitter.com/iamkidpresident http://facebook.com/kidpresident http://kidpresident.com Follow us on FACEBOOK: http://facebook.com/soulpancake TWEET us at: http://twitter.com/soulpancake Visit our WEBSITE: http://soulpancake.com Buy our BOOK!http://book.soulpancake.com Subscribe to the SPOONFUL, our weekly dose of good stuff from across the web: http://ow.ly/t7K7p
	url: http://ofa.bo/rKD	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gO6	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Donate to Organizing for Action	summ : Please fill out all of the fields.
	url: http://healthcare.gov	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Donate to Organizing for Action	summ : Please fill out all of the fields.
	url: http://ofa.bo/sMJ	title: In this week's address, President Obama highlights the importance of making sure our economy rewards the hard work of every American -- including America's w...	meta: Weekly Address: Rewarding Women's Hard Work and Increasing the Minimum Wage	summ : Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to add The White House 's video to your playlist.Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to dislike The White House 's video.Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to like The White House 's video.Ratings have been disabled for this video.Rating is available when the video has been rented.This feature is not available right now.Please try again later.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bOq	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aJN	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/sHx	title: Get covered at healthcare.gov Moms put up with a lot, but there's nothing worse than feeling their child isn't protected. Go to healthcare.gov and get covere...	meta: #YourMomCares: Jonah Hill, Adam Levine, Jennifer Lopez and Alicia Keys' Moms	summ : Get covered at healthcare.gov Moms put up with a lot, but there's nothing worse than feeling their child isn't protected.Go to healthcare.gov and get covered before enrollment ends on March 31.Do it for your mom.Help us spread the word.Share this video with the hashtag #YourMomCares
	url: http://ofa.bo/cCK	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rK5	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/dHK	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bLc	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qKT	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: You have a role to play	summ : It's last call—OFA volunteers across the country are spreading the word about the March 31st deadline to get covered this year.Be part of the final push for health care.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rLw	meta: LAST CALL: APPLY	summ : The clock’s ticking.March 31st is the last day to enroll for coverage that begins in 2014.If you’re still on the fence, check out these 15 benefits you’ll miss out on if you don’t sign up.Last call: Time is running out to get covered in 2014.Check out your options now »
	url: http://ofa.bo/qKJ	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: You have a role to play	summ : It's last call—OFA volunteers across the country are spreading the word about the March 31st deadline to get covered this year.Be part of the final push for health care.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fIR	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rP8	meta: The Affordable Care Act Is Working	summ : And in more than 30 years in government, I’ve never seen a law get so little recognition for doing so much good so quickly.The right measure of the ACA isn’t whether it avoids political controversy; it’s whether it makes America better by achieving its five most fundamental goals: expanding health-insurance coverage, lowering costs and promoting fiscal responsibility, increasing quality through innovation, protecting seniors and delivering peace of mind to American families by guaranteeing essential rights in dealing with insurance companies.More than 5 million Americans have signed up for coverage through federal and state marketplaces; millions have been determined eligible for Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program; and 3 million young adults gained insurance through their parents’ coverage.“After using my new insurance for the first time, you probably heard my sigh of relief from the White House,” she wrote to President Obama.The Congressional Budget Office found the health care law is making significant contributions to fiscal responsibility.The CBO’s most recent estimates show that repealing the law would actually increase deficits by $1.7 trillion over the next 20 years.The rate of increase in real health spending per person is at its lowest point in 50 years and more than 3 percentage points under the historical average, according to recent data.Just three months after the law was signed, House Republicans sounded a warning on jobs and released a report claiming the ACA was “making it harder to put people back to work.By signing ObamaCare into law, President Obama effectively signed pink slips for millions of American workers who will lose their jobs or be denied new jobs.” That’s not what the facts say.Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs)—groups of doctors, hospitals and other health-care providers, who come together to give coordinated care that emphasizes quality, not volume to their Medicare patients—are growing across the country.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fIV	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fMY	title: In this week's address, President Obama highlights the importance of making sure our economy rewards the hard work of every American -- including America's w...	meta: Weekly Address: Rewarding Women's Hard Work and Increasing the Minimum Wage	summ : Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to add The White House 's video to your playlist.Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to dislike The White House 's video.Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to like The White House 's video.Ratings have been disabled for this video.Rating is available when the video has been rented.This feature is not available right now.Please try again later.
	url: http://ofa.bo/cM1	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Donate to Organizing for Action	summ : Please fill out all of the fields.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gGL	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://gtcvrd.am/1chvUkq	title: Health insurance may be more affordable than you think. Use this calculator to see what you could save!	meta: Get Covered AmericaGet Covered America	summ : Enter some basic info below and see how much help you could qualify for to cover your monthly insurance cost.While not every plan and tax credit can be estimated here, this will help you make a plan to get covered.This includes you, a spouse, and any kids that you consider dependents on your taxes Number of people that need insurance If the person being covered is under 1 year old, enter 0.
	url: http://ofa.bo/hNE	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Fight back against inaction	summ : Every day the House doesn't act on immigration reform, our country loses $37 million in revenue.That cost of inaction is too high — chip in to fight for comprehensive immigration reform today.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rNa	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://go.wh.gov/BSXd3a	title: 	meta: Marketplace Enrollment Hits 5 Million Milestone	summ : As this historic open enrollment period enters its final weeks, millions of Americans are finding quality, affordable coverage thanks to the Affordable Care Act.Fernando Valdez and Denise Schroeder were part of a weekend wave of consumers signing up for new coverage and bringing enrollment nationwide to more than 5 million through the Federal and State-based Marketplaces since October 1st.Fernando Valdez, 25, of El Paso, Texas woke up early on Saturday, after his mother insisted that he walk to an enrollment center and enroll in Marketplace coverage.And Denise Schroeder says she now feels like “I have a whole new life” after enrolling in coverage in recent days.Denise, a small business owner in West Chester, Pennsylvania who runs “Happy Heart Clown N'Stuff” which does balloon decorating and entertainment for parties is also a cancer survivor.Because she had cancer, Denise knew she couldn’t let her health coverage lapse, but the $880 premium she was paying each month wiped out her savings account, and she said it was killing her.Consumers like Fernando and Denise are coming every day to check out their options for affordable health care at HealthCare.gov or seeking help from a trained representative in person or via our 24/7 call center.The last several days have been the busiest since December, with the Call Center taking more than 198,000 calls on Thursday alone –the busiest day since December 23—and more than 130,000 calls over the weekend.Last week, HealthCare.gov saw more than 4 million visits—and an additional 1 million visits this weekend.With only two weeks to go, we’re continuing to work hard to ensure that every American who wants to enroll in affordable coverage by the deadline of March 31st is able to do so.
	url: http://ofa.bo/dDl	title: Episode 18: President Barack Obama sits down with Zach Galifianakis for his most memorable interview yet.	meta: President Barack Obama from President Barack Obama, Zach Galifianakis, Scott Aukerman, BJPorter, Funny Or Die, Between Two Ferns, rachelgoldenberg, Brian Lane, Aaron Ulrich, and BoTown Sound	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/cDb	title: President Barack Obama on the importance of opening up one's eyes and imagination. Subscribe now for more COSMOS clips: http://fox.tv/SubscribeFOX See more o...	meta: President Barack Obama's Intro	summ : President Barack Obama on the importance of opening up one's eyes and imagination.Subscribe now for more COSMOS clips: http://fox.tv/SubscribeFOX See more of Cosmos on our official site: http://fox.tv/Cosmos Follow Cosmos on Facebook: http://fox.tv/Cosmos_FB Like Cosmos on Twitter: http://fox.tv/Cosmos_TW Add Cosmos on Google+: http://fox.tv/Cosmos_Plus Follow Cosmos on Instagram: http://fox.tv/Cosmos_IG Like FOX on Facebook: http://fox.tv/FOXTV_FB Follow FOX on Twitter: http://fox.tv/FOXTV_Twitter Add FOX on Google+: http://fox.tv/FOXPlus President Barack Obama's Intro | COSMOS | FOX BROADCASTING http://www.youtube.com/user/FoxBroadc...
	url: http://ofa.bo/sDM	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/eII	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/tDw	title: A marathon all-night session of the U.S. Senate is underway to allow Democrats to come to the floor and discuss the issue of climate change. The effort has been organized by Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) and Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI).	meta: US Senate Climate Change	summ : The Senate reconvened for a period of morning business with senators allowed to speak for up to ten minutes each.At 5:00 p.m.ET senators… read more The Senate reconvened for a period of morning business with senators allowed to speak for up to ten minutes each.At 5:00 p.m.ET senators began talking about climate change.At 5:30 p.m., the Senate invoked cloture on consideration of the nomination of Carolyn McHugh to be judge in the U.S. 10th Circuit Court.Under new Senate rules, a simple majority was needed.Then the Senate passed legislation on sexual assaults in the military (S. 1917, the Victims Protection Act) authored by Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO).By 6:30 p.m.ET the Senate had resumed speaking about climate change and was in session all night discussing the topic.
	url: http://ofa.bo/cHF	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qEf	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bLF	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/sER	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fPh	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/eHi	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gDY	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/tDk	title: The U.S. uninsured rate continues to decline in 2014, registering 15.9% so far in 2014 compared with 17.1% in the fourth quarter of 2013. The uninsured rate has dropped most among lower-income and black Americans.	meta: U.S. Uninsured Rate Continues to Fall	summ : WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The percentage of Americans without health insurance continues to fall, measuring 15.9% so far in 2014 compared with 17.1% in the fourth quarter of 2013.The Obama administration has made young adults' enrollment in a health insurance plan a top priority, as healthcare experts say 40% of new enrollees must be young and healthy for the Affordable Care Act to be successful.The percentage of Americans who get insurance through a current or former employer fell nearly two points so far in the first quarter of 2014 to 43.4%.This drop could be a result of the ACA, which aims to provide healthcare coverage to more Americans through multiple provisions, including federal and state healthcare marketplaces where Americans can purchase health insurance coverage at competitive rates.Results are based on telephone interviews conducted as part of the Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index survey Jan. 2-Feb. 28, 2014, with a random sample of 28,396 adults, aged 18 and older, living in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia.For results based on the total sample of national adults, the margin of sampling error is ±1 percentage points at the 95% confidence level.Each sample of national adults includes a minimum quota of 50% cellphone respondents and 50% landline respondents, with additional minimum quotas by time zone within region.Samples are weighted to correct for unequal selection probability, nonresponse, and double coverage of landline and cell users in the two sampling frames.They are also weighted to match the national demographics of gender, age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, region, population density, and phone status (cellphone only/landline only/both, and cellphone mostly).In addition to sampling error, question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls.
	url: http://ofa.bo/hPP	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://hc.gov/6AtTeq	title: Learn how the health care law affects you at Healthcare.gov. The official site of the Health Insurance Marketplace. See your health insurance choices.	meta: Health Insurance Marketplace, Affordable Care Act	summ : The page could not be loaded.The Healthcare.gov website currently does not fully support browsers with 'JavaScript' disabled.Please note that if you choose to continue without enabling 'JavaScript' certain functionality on this website may not be available.
	url: http://ofa.bo/hIE	title: In this week's address, President Obama highlighted the action he took this week to reward hard work by strengthening overtime pay protections.	meta: Weekly Address: Rewarding Hard Work by Strengthening Overtime Pay Protections	summ : Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to add The White House 's video to your playlist.Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to dislike The White House 's video.Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to like The White House 's video.Ratings have been disabled for this video.Rating is available when the video has been rented.This feature is not available right now.Please try again later.
	url: http://ofa.bo/pFc	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/jLL	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: Be part of team Obamacare	summ : Join the team that's helping make sure the new health care law is a success.Add your name now to be part of Team Obamacare.
	url: http://ofa.bo/jO7	title: The OFA store is the place to go for apparel, gifts, and other ways to show your support in the fight for change.
	url: http://ofa.bo/hEC	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://youtu.be/OPMsZYyesRE	title: Get covered at healthcare.gov Moms put up with a lot, but there's nothing worse than feeling their child isn't protected. Go to healthcare.gov and get covere...	meta: #YourMomCares: Jonah Hill, Adam Levine, Jennifer Lopez and Alicia Keys' Moms	summ : Get covered at healthcare.gov Moms put up with a lot, but there's nothing worse than feeling their child isn't protected.Go to healthcare.gov and get covered before enrollment ends on March 31.Do it for your mom.Help us spread the word.Share this video with the hashtag #YourMomCares
	url: http://ofa.bo/aJB	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qOe	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Donate to Organizing for Action	summ : Please fill out all of the fields.
	url: http://ofa.bo/iNM	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://goo.gl/fl7HpR	title: Episode 18: President Barack Obama sits down with Zach Galifianakis for his most memorable interview yet.	meta: President Barack Obama from President Barack Obama, Zach Galifianakis, Scott Aukerman, BJPorter, Funny Or Die, Between Two Ferns, rachelgoldenberg, Brian Lane, Aaron Ulrich, and BoTown Sound	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/tEO	title: To mark the 20 final days of open enrollment, here are 20 reasons to get covered.	meta: Twenty Reasons to Get Covered, Twenty Days Left to Enroll	summ : Copy this code to embed this widget on your website: <iframe scrolling='no' frameborder='0' height='430' width='510' src='http://www.whitehouse.gov/files/countdown/healthcare_widget.html'></iframe> As of today, there are just 20 days left to enroll in health care coverage at healthcare.gov before open enrollment ends on March 31.If you don't already have health insurance, head over to healthcare.gov to get covered now.You can compare your options based on price, benefits, quality and other features, and enroll in a plan that fits your needs and your budget.WIth just one application, you can also find out whether you qualify for tax credits to help pay for insurance or other free or low-cost coverage options.To mark the 20 final days of open enrollment, here are 20 reasons to get covered.Check them out, then head over to healthcare.gov.
	url: http://ofa.bo/cJO	title: Get covered at healthcare.gov Moms put up with a lot, but there's nothing worse than feeling their child isn't protected. Go to healthcare.gov and get covere...	meta: #YourMomCares: Jonah Hill, Adam Levine, Jennifer Lopez and Alicia Keys' Moms	summ : Get covered at healthcare.gov Moms put up with a lot, but there's nothing worse than feeling their child isn't protected.Go to healthcare.gov and get covered before enrollment ends on March 31.Do it for your mom.Help us spread the word.Share this video with the hashtag #YourMomCares
	url: http://ofa.bo/pFE	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://hc.gov/rx87fN	title: Learn how the health care law affects you at Healthcare.gov. The official site of the Health Insurance Marketplace. See your health insurance choices.	meta: Health Insurance Marketplace, Affordable Care Act	summ : The page could not be loaded.The Healthcare.gov website currently does not fully support browsers with 'JavaScript' disabled.Please note that if you choose to continue without enabling 'JavaScript' certain functionality on this website may not be available.
	url: http://on.nyc.gov/1j88YYc	title: 	meta: Mayor de Blasio signs paid sick leave bill into law in New York City	summ : Today is truly a historic day that takes us one step closer toward that goal,” said Mayor Bill de Blasio.New York City now joins jurisdictions like Connecticut, San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, Washington, D.C., and other cities across the country offering its workers paid sick leave benefits.Thanks to the Mayor, Council Speaker, City Council, and countless workers and activists for their vision and commitment to making expanded paid sick leave a reality,” said Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer.I thank all the New Yorkers who helped shape this legislation, as well as Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, my Council colleagues, Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer, and Mayor Bill de Blasio for their unwavering advocacy and support,” said City Councilwoman Margaret Chin.It promotes employee productivity, protects workers and their workplace environment, and affords working families the opportunity to care for sick loved ones,” said City Councilman Daneek Miller.We are also pleased to have played a role in advancing the paid sick leave law through our research and advocacy,” said David R. Jones, President and CEO of the Community Service Society.The Mayor rose to office with a clear mandate to forge a city that works for all of us, and today’s expansion of paid sick days is a strong sign that he never wavered from that purpose,” said Bill Lipton, State Director for the Working Families Party.“New Yorkers understand that low-wage workers shouldn’t be forced to choose between their jobs and their health,” said Stuart Appelbaum, president of the Retail, Wholesale and Department Store Union (RWDSU).I’m grateful for the work that the mayor and groups like A Better Balance have done to make this happen!” said Jerome Murray, CVS merchandiser and a member of the Retail Action Project.“This expanded paid sick leave law will be monumental for car washers across this city,” said RWDSU member and car wash worker Juan Carlos Rivera.
	url: http://go.wh.gov/Aw5Ny2	title: 	meta: An Update on Women in the Workforce, in 3 Charts:	summ : Women workers are contributing more and more to their family's earnings, but the wage gap between men and women hasn't gone away.Here's where we stand, in three charts.Take a look, and pass it on.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fNk	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: If you're prone to bad luck...	summ : When bad luck strikes—whether it's a sprained ankle or a touch of the bubonic plague—it pays to have health insurance.Do you have a friend who still needs to enroll before this year's March 31st deadline?Remind them that when life happens, it's good to be covered.There are only a few days left to get covered this year—no one should risk spending the rest of 2014 without coverage.One of the reasons millions of Americans fought so hard to pass reform in the first place is because everyone has access to affordable care.A freak accident or a serious illness shouldn't ever mean anyone has to go bankrupt.I'm sure you can rattle off several reasons why health care reform is so important, so share the message with your friends.Want to do more to help get the word out?There's still time to volunteer.Find an event in your community today.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aCd	title: Tune in to a live town hall for a conversation with President Obama about the Affordable Care Act and how the law benefits the Latino community.	meta: Watch Live: President Obama's Town Hall on Latinos and the Affordable Care Act	summ : Ed.note: This event has now concluded Today, President Obama will take part in a town hall at the Newseum in Washington, DC to discuss the Affordable Care Act and how the law benefits the Latino community.The town hall is hosted by Univision, Telemundo, impreMedia and the California Endowment.The town hall, which will be televised and livestreamed in both English and Spanish, will provide an opportunity for Latinos across the country to learn more about how to enroll in affordable, quality health care via the Health Insurance Marketplace.You can join the conversation and submit questions on Twitter and Facebook using the hashtag #TuSaludyObama and #Asegurate.
	url: http://ofa.bo/eEB	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://popsu.gr/34351304	title: Listen up, kids! You have until March 31 to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act. Remember when your mom used to tell you to eat your vegetables and be nice to people? Well, the White House is employing motherly wisdom to get the sign-up	meta: YourMomCares Obamacare Video	summ : You have until March 31 to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act.Remember when your mom used to tell you to eat your vegetables and be nice to people?Well, the White House is employing motherly wisdom to get the sign-up message out.The new YourMomCares initiative launched today, and it features moms of some pretty famous people, like Jonah Hill, Alicia Keys, Adam Levine, and Jennifer Lopez.In the online video, these proud mamas share some inside scoop on their children.Did you know J Lo started walking at 8 months?But the point is this: sign up for health insurance before it's too late!"Seriously, do you want your mothers to have a nervous breakdown?" Jonah Hill's mom asks, sounding oh so much like Jonah." Watch now to see if you can catch the family resemblance — and look out for an appearance from the first lady!
	url: http://bzfd.it/1fol6xk	title: Listen up, kids! You have until March 31 to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act. Remember when your mom used to tell you to eat your vegetables and be nice to people? Well, the White House is employing motherly wisdom to get the sign-up	meta: YourMomCares Obamacare Video	summ : You have until March 31 to sign up for insurance under the Affordable Care Act.Remember when your mom used to tell you to eat your vegetables and be nice to people?Well, the White House is employing motherly wisdom to get the sign-up message out.The new YourMomCares initiative launched today, and it features moms of some pretty famous people, like Jonah Hill, Alicia Keys, Adam Levine, and Jennifer Lopez.In the online video, these proud mamas share some inside scoop on their children.Did you know J Lo started walking at 8 months?But the point is this: sign up for health insurance before it's too late!"Seriously, do you want your mothers to have a nervous breakdown?" Jonah Hill's mom asks, sounding oh so much like Jonah." Watch now to see if you can catch the family resemblance — and look out for an appearance from the first lady!
	url: http://ofa.bo/iFP	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/pFv	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/jFd	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/jEt	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aDc	title: In this week's address, President Obama highlights the momentum building across the country to give Americans a raise and reiterates his call for Congress to...	meta: Weekly Address: Time for Congress to Raise the Minimum Wage for the American People	summ : In this week's address, President Obama highlights the momentum building across the country to give Americans a raise and reiterates his call for Congress to increase the minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10.
	url: http://ofa.bo/qJg	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aI9	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/jIG	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/cEl	title: This tool will show you just how affordable health care could be.	meta: Get calculating to get covered	summ : If you're sick of all the misinformation out there about Obamacare, here's something you can do right now: Give your friends an easy way to find out just how affordable health care could be for them.Get Covered America put together a great calculator that makes it quick and easy to see the "affordable" in the Affordable Care Act.Retweet this to pass it along to your friends today:Nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can get covered for less than $100 a month, and financial assistance is available for many.You know someone who needs to hear that.Try out the calculator yourself.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bJh	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: Spread the Word	summ : All hands on deck: The deadline to get health insurance in 2014 is March 31st.Tweet out these messages to friends, family, followers: Don't wait another moment to #GetCoveredNow.
	url: http://ofa.bo/jEg	title: A marathon all-night session of the U.S. Senate is underway to allow Democrats to come to the floor and discuss the issue of climate change. The effort has been organized by Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI) and Sen. Brian Schatz (D-HI).	meta: US Senate Climate Change	summ : The Senate reconvened for a period of morning business with senators allowed to speak for up to ten minutes each.At 5:00 p.m.ET senators… read more The Senate reconvened for a period of morning business with senators allowed to speak for up to ten minutes each.At 5:00 p.m.ET senators began talking about climate change.At 5:30 p.m., the Senate invoked cloture on consideration of the nomination of Carolyn McHugh to be judge in the U.S. 10th Circuit Court.Under new Senate rules, a simple majority was needed.Then the Senate passed legislation on sexual assaults in the military (S. 1917, the Victims Protection Act) authored by Senator Claire McCaskill (D-MO).By 6:30 p.m.ET the Senate had resumed speaking about climate change and was in session all night discussing the topic.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aI3	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gMJ	title: Financial assistance is widely available for health care -- nearly six in 10 uninsured Americans can pay less than $100 per month for coverage. Check out this calculator to see how much you could save.	meta: Health Care Cost Savings Calculator	summ : One of our ally organizations, Enroll America, put together this calculator to help folks estimate how much you'll save on getting covered under the Affordable Care Act.
	url: http://ofa.bo/dJF	title: Be covered, and go forward confidently. Listen and learn from John Cho about the dangers of being uninsured when you're young. Then check out your options: h...	meta: A word from John Cho about health care	summ : Be covered, and go forward confidently.Listen and learn from John Cho about the dangers of being uninsured when you're young.Then check out your options: http://www.barackobama.com/health-care/
	url: http://ofa.bo/pLi	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/hLL	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/eFs	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fFs	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/pGW	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : President Obama is taking action to help ensure opportunity for all Americans.Learn why the federal minimum wage should change from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rFb	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://acafinancialhelp.org/	title: 	meta: ACAFINANCIALHELP.ORG	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/jFZ	meta: LAST CALL: APPLY	summ : The clock’s ticking.March 31st is the last day to enroll for coverage that begins in 2014.If you’re still on the fence, check out these 15 benefits you’ll miss out on if you don’t sign up.Last call: Time is running out to get covered in 2014.Check out your options now »
	url: http://ofa.bo/fKW	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : Need health insurance?Go to HealthCare.gov right now.As millions of Americans scramble to fill out their March Madness brackets, we've got another big milestone coming up: the March 31st deadline to sign up for health insurance.If you need affordable coverage, head over to HealthCare.gov and #GetCoveredNow.If you've got insurance, help spread the word by voting for your favorite reason to get covered.
	url: http://ofa.bo/rJm	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aG6	meta: LAST CALL: APPLY	summ : The clock’s ticking.March 31st is the last day to enroll for coverage that begins in 2014.If you’re still on the fence, check out these 15 benefits you’ll miss out on if you don’t sign up.Last call: Time is running out to get covered in 2014.Check out your options now »
	url: http://ofa.bo/tOS	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/tJC	title: 	meta: The White House	summ : Need health insurance?Go to HealthCare.gov right now.As millions of Americans scramble to fill out their March Madness brackets, we've got another big milestone coming up: the March 31st deadline to sign up for health insurance.If you need affordable coverage, head over to HealthCare.gov and #GetCoveredNow.If you've got insurance, help spread the word by voting for your favorite reason to get covered.
	url: http://epa.gov/uswaters	title: 	meta: Waters of the U.S.	summ : Crude oil was discharged into Edwards Creek, an intermittent stream near Talco, Texas (Titus County).Under existing guidance, EPA did not attempt to pursue enforcement of this violation because it was too complex to prove the water was protected under the Clean Water Act.No clean up was required under the Clean Water Act.More than 50 percent of residents in Titus County get their drinking water from sources dependent on these kinds of creeks.
	url: http://Healthcare.gov	title: 	meta: Waters of the U.S.	summ : Crude oil was discharged into Edwards Creek, an intermittent stream near Talco, Texas (Titus County).Under existing guidance, EPA did not attempt to pursue enforcement of this violation because it was too complex to prove the water was protected under the Clean Water Act.No clean up was required under the Clean Water Act.More than 50 percent of residents in Titus County get their drinking water from sources dependent on these kinds of creeks.
	url: http://ofa.bo/fOY	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Fight back against inaction	summ : Every day the House doesn't act on immigration reform, our country loses $37 million in revenue.That cost of inaction is too high — chip in to fight for comprehensive immigration reform today.
	url: http://ofa.bo/iIi	title: As of January 1st, millions of Americans now have the opportunity to obtain quality, affordable health care coverage through the Affordable Care Act -- many for the first time. See to their stories and share your favorites.	meta: This is why health care reform matters	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/aGx	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://instagram.com/p/lx-8M0C-Uo/	title: 	meta: Instagram	summ : 
	url: http://ofa.bo/bJ4	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/tFg	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/sJN	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/iMc	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://ofa.bo/tFl	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: Superhero or not, it's time to get covered	summ : Don’t have a superhero photo?No problem—any old photo where you're doing something awesome works too.I'm going to share a secret with you: Sometimes I wore a cape when I was a kid.It's true.Putting that cape on made me feel like a real superhero.Invincible!That's a feeling I hope some people can relate to—at one point in your life you probably were pretty sure you were invincible.But here's the truth: we're not.Things happen—and that’s why it's so important to have health insurance.Time is running out to get covered this year, and we’re doing something a little different today.Maybe it's a photo of yourself dressed up like a superhero on Halloween or flexing your kid muscles for the camera.Maybe you're just wearing a cape.Tweet it out—and let folks know why it's important to get covered now that you know you're no longer invincible.Use the hashtags #TBT and #GetCovered to be part of the conversation.
	url: http://ofa.bo/aIu	title: Donate online to Organizing for Action.	meta: Chip in before it's too late	summ : What we do right now determines how aggressive we can make our final push for health care this month.Make a donation — and let's finish what we started.
	url: http://ofa.bo/hNJ	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: Spread the Word	summ : All hands on deck: The deadline to get health insurance in 2014 is March 31st.Tweet out these messages to friends, family, followers: Don't wait another moment to #GetCoveredNow.
	url: http://ofa.bo/gJ4	title: The next big step for our grassroots movement is being launched: Organizing for Action.	meta: Spread the Word	summ : All hands on deck: The deadline to get health insurance in 2014 is March 31st.Tweet out these messages to friends, family, followers: Don't wait another moment to #GetCoveredNow.
	url: http://ofa.bo/bK9	title: If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.	meta: LAST CALL TO GET COVERED	summ : If you don't have health insurance, March 31st is your last chance to enroll in coverage that starts in 2014.
	url: http://out2enroll.org	title: 	meta: Out2Enroll	summ : It's almost the end of March and the deadline to enroll in new coverage options under the Affordable Care Act.Here are the three things you need to know - spread the word and be #Out2Enroll by March 31, 2014!
